# CustomUniverse
#The main focus of the Custom Universe Project is to help any purpose be carried out through utilizing the technology available to organize any data, in any way you would like. For example, organize data in a way that will help you achieve  goals of any type, in any way possible, the way you want.  The purpose of the app is to simplify and assist in any task at hand, in any way possible.  Custom Universe will use Augmented Reality to leave your docs where you need them, remind you of the important things you need to accomplish, where you parked your car, which person you are meeting in a crowded area, keep your keys and accounts secure and only accessible by you.  Custom Universe will help you take control of your sanity in this information overloading era and will keep you focused on the Universe you are making for yourself so things go smoothly and also, the way you planned.  Custom Universe will turn the world into your best friend or your best co worker, assistant, or employee.  The world will no longer be an obstacle in your way, it will be an interactive part of the solution to your problem now!  From running your business to simply reminding you to take your medication, having your Universe Customized to work with you will give you the opportunity to get normally complex tasks done with ease.  I will first focus on the core and then add more functions although you can add anything you would like or give feedback to help grow and mold Custom Universe into something for everyone, or something private just for you!  The scope of functions has not been determined yet and Functionality for Wearable HealthCare Devices (Such as DexCom's for diabetes) and IoT devices in your home or office, with Google Goggles and HoloLens, or any other Virtual Reality or Augmented Reality technology.  The Custom Universe concept is obviously meant for personal growth, education, business, art, fun and games, productivity,and any use one can think of. Ex- I am making the app so that my nephew can get AI suggestions for naturally controlling his blood sugar levels and suggestions of what to eat if his blood sugar gets to certain levels with an insulin calculator to figure out his insulin dosages if needed and food/carb counting through scanning in app and also the Custom Universe app will keep you on schedule to your meetings and appointments, as well as help with other functions including Shared Universe, Secret Universe, Multi-Verse, Holo-Verse, etc.  (Shared Universe will have publicly available data in our Shared Universe, (eg. Location, Avatar, Contact Beacon/Info, Wallets, Passes, ID, etc) & Much, Much more to come so check it out on GitHub as I will be continuously developing this and many other games, apps, in-app purchases etc, and the project will never truly be over and this description will be updated on github.com/smitherstyle/CustomUniverse
#Even Custom Universe has a Plan:
#Right now (Feb-2020) Finalize Idea and narrow down Function and Simplify Core Customizations and Defaults
#Separate main functions into Built-in Themes and Plans
#Build samples and choose to have fixed or open customization
#Early Access Feb-2020
#Beta Launch April-2020
#Ideas-InProgress...
